docs(static): ssr need to be true for local image (#420)
nuxt/image: docs/content/en/1.getting-started/3.static.md

description: 'Optimizing images for static websites'
---

> If you are building a static site (`ssr` needs to be true), Nuxt Image will optimize and save your images locally when your site is generated - and deploy them alongside your generated pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building a static site Nuxt Image will optimize and save your images locally when your site is generated - and deploy them alongside your generated pages. (This only works with server-side rendered pages. If you use `ssr: false`, won't work)
```
